What I learned:
So that's why they wanted a framework to couple UI so tightly with state.
Imperatively handling state effects on UI is so much more miserable than i thought it would be.
Doesn't mean i agree that frameworks using magic to remove 100% of the friction are best.
There are negative tradeoffs even going from vanilla JS to React. So I imagine
there are negative tradeoffs going from React to Svelte


Unanswered questions:
What's better practice - jamming as much as you can into the HTML and just
flipping it on or off using CSS in reaction to JS event listeners, or creating UI elements as you need
them in your JS thread? Your HTML is definitely much more confusing, also there may be a better solution
in vanilla JS that I didn't think of on my own.

Split Flow:
  1. Remove 2nd card from handOne
  2. Add 2nd card to handTwo in mini view
  3. Create wager for hand 2
  4. User plays out hand 1. if hand exists , When "stay()" don't settle, but play out hand 2.(So let's move
  settle out of stay if it is there and into dealerAction)
  5. user plays out hand 2.
  6. dealer plays out dealer hand.
  7. Settle hand 1 . UI outcome for hand 1. Bankroll update after hand 1.
  8. Settle hand 2. UI outcome for hand 2. Bankroll update after hand 2.

Stay --> Settle --> Ui Outcomes --> Wager --> Deal New Hand Flow:
    -- check to see if wasSplit()
    1. User hand one stays active until
    2. what if userHandTwo busts?

House Rules:
Only 1 split


Splitting Pairs
If a player's first two cards are of the same denomination, such as two jacks or two sixes, they may choose to treat them as two separate hands when their turn comes around. The amount of the original bet then goes on one of the cards, and an equal amount must be placed as a bet on the other card. The player first plays the hand to their left by standing or hitting one or more times; only then is the hand to the right played. The two hands are thus treated separately, and the dealer settles with each on its own merits. With a pair of aces, the player is given one card for each ace and may not draw again. Also, if a ten-card is dealt to one of these aces, the payoff is equal to the bet (not one and one-half to one, as with a blackjack at any other time).

Doubling Down
Another option open to the player is doubling their bet when the original two cards dealt total 9, 10, or 11. When the player's turn comes, they place a bet equal to the original bet, and the dealer gives the player just one card, which is placed face down and is not turned up until the bets are settled at the end of the hand. With two fives, the player may split a pair, double down, or just play the hand in the regular way. Note that the dealer does not have the option of splitting or doubling down.

Insurance
When the dealer's face-up card is an ace, any of the players may make a side bet of up to half the original bet that the dealer's face-down card is a ten-card, and thus a blackjack for the house. Once all such side bets are placed, the dealer looks at the hole card. If it is a ten-card, it is turned up, and those players who have made the insurance bet win and are paid double the amount of their half-bet - a 2 to 1 payoff. When a blackjack occurs for the dealer, of course, the hand is over, and the players' main bets are collected - unless a player also has blackjack, in which case it is a stand-off. Insurance is invariably not a good proposition for the player, unless they are quite sure that there are an unusually high number of ten-cards still left undealt.